README.md, before:

# 🪐 Cosmic Scrollytelling Portfolio

A premium, interactive "Apple-meets-Astronomy" student portfolio featuring advanced CSS animations, scrollytelling logic, and a futuristic scientific aesthetic.

## 🚀 Live Demo
Check out the live deployment here: [boon-profile.pages.dev](https://boon-profile.pages.dev/)

## ✨ Key Features
- **Cinematic Scrollytelling**: Sections blur, scale, and fade in gracefully as you explore the project.
- **Orbital Journey Timeline**: A custom-built education timeline with glowing constellation paths and pulsing planetary markers.
- **Premium Visual Depth**: 
  - **Cosmic Dust**: Subtle drifting particle layers for background depth.
  - **Neon Glows**: Dynamic, high-intensity hover states for buttons and interactive elements.
  - **Glassmorphism**: Sleek, frosted-glass cards with internal lighting effects.
- **Hall of Frame**: A dedicated awards and certificates gallery with ultra-sized previews.
- **Thematic Context**: Background elements (DNA, Flasks, Atoms) that intelligently hide/show based on scroll position.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Structure**: Semantic HTML5
- **Styling**: Vanilla CSS (CSS3 Variables, Keyframes, Flexbox/Grid)
- **Logic**: Vanilla JavaScript (Intersection Observer API, RequestAnimationFrame)
- **Foundation**: [Bootswatch Morph](https://bootswatch.com/morph/) (Customized)
- **Icons**: Font Awesome 6 (Pro/Solid)
- **Typography**: Google Fonts (Inter, Outfit)

## 📁 Project Structure
```text
├── index.html          # Main landing page (Mission Hub)
├── prizes.html          # Hall of Frame (Achievements)
├── styles.css           # Core aesthetic engine
├── script.js            # Interstellar logic & animations
└── project-template.html # Orbital mission template
```

## 🌌 Installation & Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/apiwishboon-spec/boon.dev.git
   ```
2. Simply open `index.html` in any modern browser—no build steps required!

---
*Created with ❤️ by Boon — "Using Python & Code to solve real-world problems."*
*Contact: [apiwishboon@gmail.com](mailto:apiwishboon@gmail.com) | Discord: boon06409*
Find the easter egg at the website.
-Boon

Commit message:

docs: rewrite easter egg hint in README for thematic consistency

README.md, after:

# 🪐 Cosmic Scrollytelling Portfolio

A premium, interactive "Apple-meets-Astronomy" student portfolio featuring advanced CSS animations, scrollytelling logic, and a futuristic scientific aesthetic.

## 🚀 Live Demo
Check out the live deployment here: [boon-profile.pages.dev](https://boon-profile.pages.dev/)

## ✨ Key Features
- **Cinematic Scrollytelling**: Sections blur, scale, and fade in gracefully as you explore the project.
- **Orbital Journey Timeline**: A custom-built education timeline with glowing constellation paths and pulsing planetary markers.
- **Premium Visual Depth**: 
  - **Cosmic Dust**: Subtle drifting particle layers for background depth.
  - **Neon Glows**: Dynamic, high-intensity hover states for buttons and interactive elements.
  - **Glassmorphism**: Sleek, frosted-glass cards with internal lighting effects.
- **Hall of Frame**: A dedicated awards and certificates gallery with ultra-sized previews.
- **Thematic Context**: Background elements (DNA, Flasks, Atoms) that intelligently hide/show based on scroll position.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Structure**: Semantic HTML5
- **Styling**: Vanilla CSS (CSS3 Variables, Keyframes, Flexbox/Grid)
- **Logic**: Vanilla JavaScript (Intersection Observer API, RequestAnimationFrame)
- **Foundation**: [Bootswatch Morph](https://bootswatch.com/morph/) (Customized)
- **Icons**: Font Awesome 6 (Pro/Solid)
- **Typography**: Google Fonts (Inter, Outfit)

## 📁 Project Structure
```text
├── index.html          # Main landing page (Mission Hub)
├── prizes.html          # Hall of Frame (Achievements)
├── styles.css           # Core aesthetic engine
├── script.js            # Interstellar logic & animations
└── project-template.html # Orbital mission template
```

## 🌌 Installation & Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/apiwishboon-spec/boon.dev.git
   ```
2. Simply open `index.html` in any modern browser—no build steps required!

---
*Created with ❤️ by Boon — "Using Python & Code to solve real-world problems."*
*Contact: [apiwishboon@gmail.com](mailto:apiwishboon@gmail.com) | Discord: boon06409*
> [!TIP]
> **Mission Intelligence**: Deep-space signals suggest a hidden repository within the hub. Seek the Voyager to begin decryption. The northern sky holds the final key.

-Boon
